what's up guys schroeder here and I'm
Davis and it's time for this week's CGS
top five countdown ghostbusting its way
into number five this week is
chuggaaconroy playing through the epic
finale of Luigi's Mansion wow thanks
chugga way to ruin the ending for me
Davis the game is like 10 years old I
was still gonna play it okay so anyway
um interesting theory that I've heard
some people say about this is that
because King booze controlling Bowser I
some people say the Bowser suit other
gold ingots really Bowser's body and
Madame clairvoyant makes it sound like
the Bowser was soundly defeated whenever
this game is taking place a cool theory
that I remember hearing is that perhaps
King Boo is actually Bowser's boo which
is why he's controlling Bowser's body in
at number 4 we got kwings retro review
of magic sword is anyone getting a
he-man vibe but this guy no but I'm
getting a boner at the start of the game
players get to decide where they want to
begin their journey either in the town
or up to the 33rd level of the tower
gameplay consists of a mix between hack
and slash and platforming the he-man
wannabe can attack jump and use magic to
but we'll get into magic a little later
on at number 3 mint chip LOL gives us
some breaking eve news i can't tell you
what it is cuz i'm too busy looking at
those beautiful bangs of hers really
made an update about this but a triple-a
aborted a bunch of white noise supers i
believe and that made white noise really
mad and so there was kind of this belief
that white noise was going to be coming
in and invading and taking back triple a
space or getting revenge on Triple A and
unfortunately at this time we're not
sure what is going on because white
noise has invaded providence and number
two OMFG cata gives us a musical treat
with his parody of the bed intruder song
oh this reminds me I've ever had my kids
thank you
people love try the kingdom so y'all
need to have kids what kids hide your
wife it sounds or what and how they get
our body yeah yeah and your number one
video this week is totalbiscuit talking
about diablo 3 while playing starcraft
you tell them TBH you go get that big
business you go get a man i'm is sold
well as it takes a further fee just
vanilla reason they'll just take a fee
and then when you try and cash out in
order to actually get the money from
your account into say your paypal they
charge you again so if you look through
the FAQ you'll notice there are three
separate charging points where you will
have money removed from you and that's
it for this week's TGS top five
countdown if you want to see more videos
just click on the links in front of you
you